[ML] Use scaling thread pool and xpack.ml.max_open_jobs cluster-wide dynamic (#39320)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/ml-settings.asciidoc

`xpack.ml.enabled` set to `true` on all master-eligible nodes. This is the
default behavior.

`xpack.ml.max_machine_memory_percent` (<<cluster-update-settings,Dynamic>>)::
The maximum percentage of the machine's memory that {ml} may use for running
analytics processes. (These processes are separate to the {es} JVM.) Defaults to
`30` percent. The limit is based on the total memory of the machine, not current
free memory. Jobs will not be allocated to a node if doing so would cause the
estimated memory use of {ml} jobs to exceed the limit.

`xpack.ml.max_model_memory_limit` (<<cluster-update-settings,Dynamic>>)::
The maximum `model_memory_limit` property value that can be set for any job on
this node. If you try to create a job with a `model_memory_limit` property value
that is greater than this setting value, an error occurs. Existing jobs are not
affected when you update this setting. For more information about the
`model_memory_limit` property, see <<ml-apilimits>>.

`xpack.ml.max_open_jobs` (<<cluster-update-settings,Dynamic>>)::
The maximum number of jobs that can run simultaneously on a node. Defaults to

> `20`. In this context jobs includes both anomaly detector jobs and data frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`20`. In this context, jobs include both anomaly detector jobs and data frame
```

analytics processes. (These processes are separate to the {es} JVM.) Defaults to
`30` percent. The limit is based on the total memory of the machine, not current
free memory. Jobs will not be allocated to a node if doing so would cause the
estimated memory use of {ml} jobs to exceed the limit.

`xpack.ml.max_model_memory_limit` (<<cluster-update-settings,Dynamic>>)::
The maximum `model_memory_limit` property value that can be set for any job on
this node. If you try to create a job with a `model_memory_limit` property value
that is greater than this setting value, an error occurs. Existing jobs are not
affected when you update this setting. For more information about the
`model_memory_limit` property, see <<ml-apilimits>>.

`xpack.ml.max_open_jobs`::
The maximum number of worker processes that can run on a node. Defaults to `20`.
A worker process could be a process run by an anomaly detector job or by data
frame analytics. The maximum number of worker processes is also constrained by
memory usage, so fewer worker processes than specified by this setting will run
on a node if their estimated memory use would be higher than allowed. This setting

> is deprecated and `xpack.ml.max_open_workers` will be used in preference if both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is deprecated; use`xpack.ml.max_open_workers` instead.
```

> are specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deprecated[7.1.0,Replaced by `xpack.ml.max_open_workers`]
```

`xpack.ml.max_open_workers` (<<cluster-update-settings,Dynamic>>)::
The maximum number of worker processes that can run on a node. Defaults to `20`.
A worker process could be a process run by an anomaly detector job or by data
frame analytics. The maximum number of worker processes is also constrained by
memory usage, so fewer worker processes than specified by this setting will run
on a node if their estimated memory use would be higher than allowed. Although

> this setting is dynamic, changes to its value after node startup will only be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this setting is dynamic, changes to its value after node startup are
```

> used once every node in the cluster is running version 7.1 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used only after every node in the cluster is running version 7.1 or higher.
```
